---
layout: post
title:  "In the car: part 2"
date:   2021-09-28 01:02:02 -0400
categories: Poems
---


We finished our morning walk <br>
She walked with me to my car and there I saw <br>
In her eyes brewing, a flame of lust <br>
Don't worry, we won't go in -  I said <br>
What if I want to go in? - She complained <br>

I open the door and pushed her inside <br>
I got on top of her and started kissing her lips and neck <br>
She was getting warmer and I could tell <br>
So I looked at her with evil intentions of what we will make. <br>

I put my hands over her underwear <br>
My fingers started playing with her panties fabric  <br>
Circular motions, two fingers, slow touches and dirty whispers <br>
The day was bright and the parking lot was full of cars. <br>

But I knew she did not care <br>
She wanted to feel me right there  <br>
And since little I care <br>
I slipped my hand under, to start this affair. <br>

My index finger and her clit were dancing a melody <br>
Her breathing getting faster and her moanings more audible <br>
The faster we danced the more it felt like a felony <br>
In between her moans, she was talking dirty but inaudible. <br>

My hands felt like a kid swimming in a pool <br>
She was smiling and looking around, I was playing it cool <br>
We were not afraid of breaking the rules <br>
All we wanted was to drown ourselves in this love whirlpool. <br>

She could not hold the touches of my fingers anymore <br>
She took her pants of, trew me to the seat and went on top <br>
She moved slowly as to not draw the attention of the cops <br>
I was losing my mind feeling every move she did nonstop. <br>

She kissed me and for a moment stopped <br>
I saw someone was coming but they were on their phones <br>
They did not see a thing because the car stood still like a stone <br>
When they left, she rode me to climax and there we were all alone. <br>

Faster than you could think a thought <br>
She got dressed, we kissed and she left <br>
The adrenaline still rushing like a waterfall <br>
And moments later, I drove away with the scent of our love. <br>

By TTDLMR
